Class 2

ChatGPT  Capabilities
Finding and synthesizing information quickly
You could take what it said and write your own comparison.
No bias! Because of no personal background.... [???]
Less biased

ChatGPT  Limitations
If you ask more open questions, it may not respond as well.
If what it synthesizes doesn't exist on the internet, it doesn't do as well.
Didn't actually do the comparison.
Doesn't understand how to apply the summary in context.
Not able to directly quote external sources or able to provide sources.
Can't access the internet. Can't read things that aren't in its database.

Why is this producing panic?
Humans fear things that are more intelligent. We think we're at the top. Even aliens are threatening. Threat of animals.
Values of artificial intelligence. Is it going to have human values. It's justified to be scared, but keep in mind that it may be far away (or that people are saying that).

Bias from popular culture / media.

Why are teachers worried? 

Being used to replace higher-order thinking. Some skills are developed by using your own brain. If you don't practice them, you won't improve. From a career standpoint or something you won't be able to do work (engineering).
C+ / B- essay generator.

Intergenerational hazing effect.

We won't advance as a society. Who wants to sit in the classroom and learn if something else can do it for you already.
Parents both English teachers: stunts free-thinking.

Right now, it can only get you so far.

People not interested in school can opt out and do their own thing. Not clear whether this is a problem.
Makes you have to want your education.

People who aren't into education as much 






Is it justified?






