# Thinking through the singularity

What are the four paths to superhuman intelligence? Which, if any, seem most likely?
* Computers that are awake.
* Networks that wake up.
* Users become superhumanly intelligent through interfaces with computers.
* Biological enhancement.

Doing stuff.
It's making its own decisions.
Listening to stuff.
Turing test would be a way to test for being awake.

Likely?
Decided on the 3rd one--semi-sentience.
Biological science ruled out because of ethics. Would need to do experiments on human brains that would be hard to get funding for.

What is the “intelligence explosion” argument? Is it convincing (why/why not)?
* Once we make an AI that can code well or understand that it's an AI, it will be able to make better AIs over and over again until it's a super intelligent.
* End of human input.
* Not likely tomorrow. Not crazy that it could happen.
* At some point this will be guaranteed.
* Eventually things can only get so smart, and then they get bored.
* End of human era / end of human race. Not necessarily an extinction event.


What will the post-human era be like, in the worst case? What analogies does Vinge rely on in making his prediction?
* Vinge describes worst case scenario in which humanity is crushed.
* Two analogies:
  * Humans to AI as whales are to humans. Get extinguished by humans.
  * Humans will not be needed anyone than humans need rabbits or chimpanzees.

What is the best case scenario, and what are the problems with it that Vinge describes?
* Create a superintelligent AI and control it. "Godlike slave."
* Eventually it would be doing the same things again and again like a repeating tape deck.
* (We debate whether this is plausible... )
* Immortality is possible. This makes the limited human brain weird.


### Vinge's Worldview:

#### What is intelligence?
* Internalize the world, solve problems faster than natural selection.
* Ruling factor: ability to dominate lower animals.

#### How is it measured?
* Ruling factor: ability to dominate lower animals.


#### How does intelligence relate to evolution?
The criteria for an evolutionary event:
* When the machine "knows" that it's playing chess, that's the moment.
* When it achieves general intelligence.
Higher intelligence is a product of evolution.
There is a certain point that you reach at which intelligence starts controlling the direction of development rather than natural selection.



