# Seminar 5: Singularities in Context

## Slaughterbots and Transcendence

### Commonalities
Evil tech companies using AI
End of civilization
AI becoming dangerous
Global crisis
Indirectly caused by humans
* The AI itself in Transcendence never hurts / kills anyone
Both using authority to present their narrative


### Major differences
Separate consciousness vs. consciousness of a person being transferred
How sentient the AI is
AI is controlled by humans vs own entity
How well the AI does its job and how humans misuse it
The enemies are human / an AI itself
The harm is different: Transcendence 

### Seriousity: What indicates which text is serious?
Endorsed by scientists in the field
The light in which they are presented
* Real problem
* Fictional movie
* Setting is different
* Transcendence is supposed to be farther in the future
* Drone technology advances are not ridiculous
* Transcendence is beyond imagination? But who knows.

## The Singularity

### First impressions

A superintelligence could be something other than a computer.
Reminded of Stuart Russell: non-serious thoughts.
* Connection between Moore's law and AI intelligence.
* Hard to say it's imminent / hard to predict when it will happen.
* The internet is one advancement.
Not true to say 30 years.
Superhuman aspect is kind of true.
Better than a human's ability / faster: ChatGPT is an example.
Not doing what he says in the paper.
[Look forward to read.]
Hook is catchy!
Explains the prediction step-by-step.
Caution and reassurance of Russell vs this is alarming.















